Add import documentation and examples (#1224)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/namespace.html.md

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - ID of the namespace.

## Import

> Namespaces can be imported using its `name` as accessor id, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces can be imported using its `name` as accessor id, for instance.
```

> Namespaces can be imported using its `name` as accessor id, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces can be imported using its `name` as accessor id.
```

> Namespaces can be imported using its `name` as accessor id, e.g.

Reviewer: Please remove **e.g.** at the end of the sentence. If you want to convey that this is just an example, you can replace e.g. with: **, as an example**. Otherwise, feel free to leave it out.

```
$ terraform import vault_namespace.example <name>
```

> If the declared resource to be imported is intended to support namespaces using a [provider alias](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs#using-provider-aliases) then the <name> is relative to the namespace path, e.g.

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion:
If the declared resource is imported and intends to support namespaces using a provider alias, then the <name> is relative to the namespace path.
